The project is on student database administration. Here we register a student through admin login and then we see the list of students registered and 
about us page.
1)Login page:
  a) Created login page which requires username and password to be entered.
   The username should have all alphabets.
  b)Password is of type "password", so that it will not display actual password.
    User privacy in enforced.
  c)User should check to agree terms and conditons
  d)Then we can login which takes to register student page.
2)Register
  a)It is a student registration form
  b)Roll number of a student is already assigned so the input box is disabled
  c)First name and last name is required and only alphabets are allowed where validation is done
    through regex.
  d)User can enter birthday using the icon on top right of input where they can select the
    birthday from calender. This is user friendly and avoids typing mistake.
  e)Phone number must be 10 digits. Have user minlength=10 and maxlength=10 attribute in 
    the input. only numbers are allowed which is done validation through regex.
  f)Grade level of a student is selected from drop down. 
  g)Using review button user can review if they have entered all details correctly. This done
    using JavaScript where the value entered from the form are assigned to an array and then
    printed in a card as a paragraph. It shows the field name and value entered in the form.
  h)Submit button is of type submit. So if all the validation is correct the form will accept the
    values and it will be submitted.
  i)navigation bar is included in this page which also has logout button
3)List of students
  a)Here I am displaying the list of students by creaing a student object and creating a card    dynamically and its values are assigned using javascript.
4)About us 
  a)This page contains details of the school where the fonts are used from google font.
  B)Background color is set so that the letters are visible.
Each page has a logo on the top left and background of the school picture.




